Secretary, this is ABC television.
The nightward, the Missouri moves to the next time,
at five o'clock.
Right after the day, the Jolly Jean in the Star machine is 515.
Other highlights of the evening, John Daniel in the near-17,
Daniel is brand of the world of 730, at 8 Sky King.
My hero is Robert Cummings, at 830,
Alan Bachelot-Neyam, and another unusual gunner,
and the unexpected at 930.
All these five shows are on the five channel, Ben.
I'll make a video of you all this time.
This is my editor today.
The question of Senator McCartney was objective 2 by Mr. Welk.
No, we asked it again.
I'm saying the direct, and I can't give a name with a few individuals.
And I wish you that, put that in your pocket after you've gone through something.
Do you recognize those names?
Not first.
No, I don't first.
I recognize those names.
Not first.
No, I don't first.
I recognize them.
Is there any one of your age to continue?
What John's they hold?
I can look it up for you.
Well, it would one of your olds, and they can't really tell me all of the security claims.
Did you have this, Adam?
Is there one of the generals?
So two names, Matthew, what John's they hold?
So that position, Lord, gets the more information they got us for this time.
I think those people don't recognize the names, yes, Adam.
So the answer to this question was the...
I don't think there's a fucking name on the list.
I'm asking to get this information far from here on the list.
So I would encourage to the fucking name on the list.
The first one of the other names is Matthew's, as a reporter, may showering a legend's comment
in action for his part, and that his secrets and how secrets were removed.
But he is still allowed to direct programs that are secrets.
If this were correct, I would like to know.
It seems like a very unusual stuff of it, too.
So I don't think about it, but we'll check it out.
That's one for my ass.
Mr. Cohen, Mr. Secretary, on the issue of letter,
and I was trying to get this committee to stop its investigation.
I'll report my notes.
I'd like to look at the information of the investigation, or the allegation number 11,
in the charges with you and Mr. Adam's name, as it will follow in writing.
New charge, the final of the out November 14, 1953,
Mr. Cohen threatened to continue the documenting investigation at Fort Monmouth.
And in the next charge, you say that the final of November 16,
Mr. Cohen and Mr. Car renew the threat, namely the threat to continue the investigation
of Fort Monmouth, personally to you.
I will ask you, sir, if you say that the taken on the part of Mr. Car and myself
that the investigation will be continued, is a threat,
does it not follow it there?
That you see it in fact once that investigation stops and regarts its continuation,
as they threaten you.
Is not what that says?
I've set the fire on us repeatedly, Mr. Cohen.
Probably a dozen times, and you know the answer, Mr. Bolivier.
Mr. Secretary, I'm going to say the answer again,
that I wanted the type of hearings stop that was given the American people
and the Army for the unfair picture of what the fact was at Fort Monmouth.
I wanted the type of hearings stop.
Mr. Secretary, there is not one word in this charge,
which you made about changing the type of hearings.
It says, threaten to continue the subcommittee investigation,
comma, which has been before resulted in exaggerated headlines,
stamens, and then around on first and now, at one.
That's the first either second one.
Right?
But that's the continued.
Mr. Secretary, that's the...
Oh, that's right.
Then may, personally, to you, name it,
to continue the investigation at Fort Monmouth.
Mr. Cohen, I've explained repeatedly,
and I'll do it again if you want.
But I want a type of hearing change.
What type of hearing did you want, Mr. Chairman?
Every member on this committee, I am sure,
is there certain that the Secretary has repeatedly anxious that question
and explainfully his position, and I do respectfully,
in this, as Mr. Cohen types to a new subject, if there is,
anything new.
Mr. Secretary, I think there's a lot more than that.
By my respectfully say, so I think there's a lot on answer.
And I think, on course, examination, this charge is made
against Mr. Cohen and me.
A charge that we've threatened to continue the investigation.
And I think I can point it by nature to an upplained insinficency
between the Secretary's testimony and towards charge
with he himself as next.
And that's what I'm trying to do now, sir.
And I don't believe I've had a time to be poor.
So I have to do that, Mr. Chairman.
Now, the Secretary, just to move me on the first day of the first day of the
Supreme Court, 42, is directly, as testimony, Mr. Staden,
is directly contradictory what he says today.
He then says that he wanted the hearing suspended.
Then after thinking it over and talking it over, that's where he has
changed.
So now he says he wanted a different change of hearing.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman, and you are the inconsistency in the
Secretary's sworn testimony.
And I may say the only way that we can get up to truth if we ever
can with a selective memory is to cross the gentlemen in detail.
And I personally hope the Jones was allowed to do that.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Cohen will ask a new question and point out
specifically any alleged discrepancies in testimony.
Get a full give them to the Secretary and testimony given there.
I'm sure including debate, I will say, with a proper question.
Very well, sir.
I'm going to show that right now.
Mr. Frany, I'm going to show you that as always you've got my hands back on.
Number one, Mr. Secretary, you have today testified that all you wanted
was a change in the type of hearing.
I now direct your attention if I may, sir, to your testimony,
it pays 440 tools a record.
And ask you whether or not you did not categorically admit that,
that you wanted the hearing to spend.
I wanted the type of hearing change.
There I am.
I didn't do that before in testimony.
I recognize that in testimony.
I said that they're not.
Mr. Jenkins, that is correct.
So in so far as this charge against you that you tried to stop the investigation
of what moment is concerned, that is not correct.
You nearly tried to get its suspense.
Secretary Stevens, that is right.
I wanted to suspend the type of hearings that were being held.
And I've testified on that at least a dozen times, friends.
Yes, I'll leave with this committee to judge whether my testimony is consistent
or accurate or not.
Yes, sir.
And I believe that under the rules of cross-examination I have to write the call
to the committee's attention cases where there is a plain inconsistency in testimony on this key issue.
And that was the process of my question.
And my next question is whether or not allegations.
Number 11, stating that Mr. Collins' retinue continues the subcommittee investigation
at London is not further in inconsistency with testimony you were given here.
I have to spread repeatedly that I wanted to type a hearing change.
I now repeat that that is what I want.
Did you want the hearing to suspend it?
I wanted the type of hearing that was being held suspended yet.
Do you want to decide to be a type of hearing?
Yes, sir.
What type of hearing did you want to suspend?
I wanted one of the conductors that were the American people
would get a fair and accurate idea of what's proceeding produced
and better having it have practically no relation or very little relation to the facts.
Mr. Secretary, you are making people think that Fort Monmouth was a bed of us being asked.
And that was not in accordance with the facts.
Mr. Secretary, let's see now.
First of all, is it a fact that either you or Mr. Adams
would like to spread or invite it to be present at every single executive session
or public session of ours subcommittee on Fourth Monmouth?
A suggestion that is in cover.
Mr. President, you have to be quick to carry that here.
Now we have that, Mr. Secretary.
First of all, is it a fact that either you or Mr. Adams
would like to present or invite it to be present at every single executive session or public session
of our subcommittee on Fourth Monmouth?
That's all on cover, please.
Mr. President, is it all the best question you have ever answered earlier?
Mr. Chairman.
And say it can be settled in one second by a yet 1-0 answer, Mr. Chairman.
The obvious purpose of the question is this.
The Secretary says that he objected to the type of hearings being conducted for the MacGee Investigating Committee.
The scone has now seen him whether or not he and Mr. Adams attended every executive session.
Mr. Chairman, is it clear that the committee has been in the position of the committee?
The obvious purpose being to show that the Secretary did not know all the time of the exact type of hearings
that was being conducted directly.
Yes, sir.
What's one further section?
Mr. Chairman, if I would like to show, that's all.
Some of these very executive sections that we were discussing.
Mr. Stevens met the press along with Senator McRotty.
And so it seems that Senator McRotty said and never once objected to a single segment
which Senator McRotty had made.
My eyes just like the question Mr. Chairman played at.
Well, I believe it is, but no, definitely it's way.
Mr. Cone has entitled to have an answer to this question and I'll let you know.
I do.
I defer Mr. Stevens.
Did you and Mr. Adams attend every executive session of the MacGee Investigating Committee?
I certainly didn't very very soon that I attend.
I don't know about Mr. Adams.
He attended many more.
He attended many more than you did, that's right.
But are you certain whether or not he attended all of the hearings?
I would say about half of it.
He attended then all of the hearings were not attended by you and I, Mr. Adams, correct?
That's all.
Mr. Cone, Mr. Secretary, may I ask, whether after any of those hearings that you attended,
when you met the press along with Senator McRotty, you had made any objection to anything which he had said.
I don't ever recall having met the press with Senator McRotty,
that's on the one hand sentence at Court Monmouth, and it went down there with the inspection,
and after that meeting was over, it wasn't a hearing and the usual sentence I would say,
and the witnesses were not called if I was called.
And there I joined with Senator McRotty, I don't recall any other.
Well, I'm going to try to produce on this page as to see if we can request your recommendation.
I'm very glad.
Mr. Cone, I'm going to move back here.
If your objection to the type of hearing I address with all the sessions which you attended
or all of which you did not present, both the folks.
Did you make the objection at the time?
I'm very glad, however, to the ones that I did not attend, because I only went to very few,
and the reports on those, I got the same reports that the people there, namely on the newspaper.
On those which you attended?
On those which I did not attend.
I thought on those which you attended, sir.
Did you want to suggest the sentence on the coffee and to have anything wrong with the type of hearing when you were there?
I think that I went to...
I think I went to two.
Two out of important ones, that right?
Well, I don't know if there are any more important than any other.
When you heard Aaron Coleman said to find one, did you not?
That's right.
I'd say that was an important one, you agree, were you not?
Did you find anything objectionable in the amount of absence conducted?
I had what I and a senior question was,
did I take part in press conferences with Senator McRotty?
I had to make a very good role, but my answer was I did not.
Well, that was a question about three questions ago.
You said you didn't recall, I'm going to try to get together some new sites to see if I can request your answer right away.
Very good. My question is to see if it's right or not.
After the executive session is completed, you haven't made any objection whatsoever.
Do any characterization made by Senator McRotty?
What's the matter of conduct of the hearing?
What's anything at all?
Did you start the hearing that you didn't know?
I've testified over and over again that I wanted this type of hearing.
Stop. The hammering over the head and I've medically seated.
Is this hearing and I now go it again?
I can't get any answer.
Mr. Chairman, is that not fully responsive, Mr. Secretary?
You could tell him whether or not at the time of the hearing immediately there after.
You made any objection to the manner in which Senator McRotty conducted the hearing.
Anything that was better done, now that is a simple question.
I've already called on the hearings on the 13th and 14th of October,
which was very early on the Fourth Monument's investigation,
and I made notes, comments to the press,
and I made no objections at the time.
Not at that time.
Not at that time and it wasn't there after it was a respect of the fabric.
You had a range of the question.
Mr. Stone, if the statement of fact that the Secretary of the First time,
the objections to the five hearing has been raised, has been right here in this room.
No, sir.
It is not when do you say the first time you raised an objection.
I'd like to know that at our meeting, for example, on the spectrum of November,
I said that I wanted this hammering of the Army over the head stop.
That was one very clear talk.
I was asking you about an objection to a type of hearing
with the out-charging secretary, if I can make this clear,
that you decide to get it to stop the investigation to stop holding here.
You first stated on page 442 in the right hand,
no, you didn't want to stop it. You merely wanted to suspend it.
Later on, your testimony became, no, you didn't want to suspend it,
but you wanted to change the size of hearing.
I was now right to know the first occasion on which you made any complaint
about the type of hearing, and I'd like you to tell us what specifically the complaint was
and what subject you made as to the type of hearing which would be satisfactory to you.
I'd say I'd probably have at the length and November expected the lunch.
Was that the first time, sir?
I'll have to reflect on my memory to see what there was,
and I thought I'd know about that.
Is it a kind of desire?
Mr. Jenkins?
Hi, it's Mr. Chairman.
Carol Fett.
Is that my right?
Is that my left?
Hello?
Mr. Coney, may I continue?
By the way, Mr. Stevens, isn't it a fact that one of the reasons that it's now 420
is the fact that the rest is ensued after this kind of suspicion?
By the way, Mr. Stevens, isn't it a fact that the principal reason you named Mr. Adams
is liaison to this committee?
Would the have him try to get the hearing stop, whether or not?
Well, can you explain to us then why you did name Mr. Adams
liaison and view of the fact the committee already had and still has general fan
personally, confidently, I found?
Mr. Chairman, I remember specifically asking the secretary that very question myself,
that question has been answered.
When possible for the chair to recall all of the questions is an asking answer,
but he does recall that one, so, come to grant me, if there is a requisition,
and the left hold the point of order.
Chairman, I don't like to go out in the wind, but I would suggest that the general fan
say that nothing mentioned here, and that this question has nothing.
The question was, why is he afraid of Mr. Adams as a reason?
I raised because he did.
And the secretary denied it for this purpose.
I am now trying to get out of on that to know if I shown that there was already a liaison
to the committee and that there was no need for any additional liaison.
I'm asking the secretary whether it's not a fact that general fan was the regular liaison
to our committee and still is.
He worked for our office of legislative liaison and a fact contact with the committee.
That's true, but I wanted to remember on my own personal staff to handle a relationship
with this committee, which I have started to handle myself personally,
on the 8th of September, and so Mr. Adams came in to take care on the first of our shoulders.
I gave him that as one of many other assignments.
The stage Mr. Cole.
Mr. Secretary, you testified here at Sunlink,
at Sunlink about the meeting of November 6th.
And that is one of the allegations in your own specification.
You were crazy, you're not the you are the one who invited us to your office on November 6th.
That's right.
Mr. Chairman, I think we owe this floor a minute for that.
The stage should not have a representation.
I'm trying to identify Mike. I'm sure I can do it as well.
So Max, the James Pleasant, who's Mr. James, is close to the secretary in repetition form,
on Friday morning concerning a pattern here.
And I would like to show the various of these charges made here,
which the secretary says involved,
left by us to him,
was actually meeting one after the other,
full bindness of seating, and not fire.
By the way, just trying to identify if he called the meeting,
because the new element, so you had to ask the question,
if there is simply, is not able, I'm sure, because he called,
I've said in the many hundreds of thousands of words,
the person, but where he is sure,
you will have to rule with repetition questions,
you will have to, you may proceed.
Well, I cannot do this line of interrogation.
I'm not sure if there's a exact question that we've asked,
comes with any thought he could have asked before,
if he's positive that he has, then the chair will do it.
Mr. Chairman, if it's a statement,
allegation number 13 by you against us,
is a meeting of November 17th?
Is it not a fact that that meeting was at your request,
and that you had suggestion, and not at all?
I've heard the fire, but it went on that,
and the reason for that meeting was because of Senator McCartney's
just pleasure over my first statement of November 13th.
Who asked for the meeting for you, Senator McCartney?
You asked for the first meeting.
Who, it was on the, which was on, as I recall, on 16th.
Mr. Steve, you asked for it, and out of that,
you were the meeting with, with Senator McCartney.
Mr. Steven, my question to you, is seraphine may is.
Who asked for the meeting of November 17th,
which is allegation number 13 in your complaint?
Did you ask, I said that I would go to New York
and see Senator McCartney, before you indicated that he thought
I had told the right out from under him on my statement of November 13th.
I testified on his repeatability.
Did you ask for that meeting, sir?
I said that I would suggest that I go to New York, and I did.
Did I ask you to come to New York to see Senator McCartney?
Or did you ask me to go to Senator McCartney,
and see if he would not see you?
I don't recall anything like that.
Well, Mr. Steven, shouldn't you try to recall that?
That's not something important.
We go out already.
I've already testified.
That's when you came.
You saw it, Leah.
After my first conference of November 13th,
and what?
Are you saying to my office?
And you said that, sir, Senator McCartney felt that I'd told
the right out from under him.
I said that was not my intention, and that Senator McCartney
was assured about it, I would go and see him and talk to him about it.
When did I see you out there?
I thought about it on its great length.
Yes, sir.
I'd say not to let that affect you because we don't believe the facts have been shown yet.
Would you now tell me, sir, when I thought you out following your press conference
of November 13th?
I would like to know, was it by telephone?
Was it in person?
You were kind of my office on the 16th.
Now, my question, you held the press conference on the 13th.
Is that right?
One between the 13th and the 16th, and I see you out there.
On the telephone, one of the days in between there.
Wait, either directly or to me or to John Adams.
I don't recall with it at the moment.
Well?
Can you recall whether or not I communicated with you in any way?
I could check that up, and find out.
Couldn't you check out Mr. Secretary, and then come back and see whether the fact is not
that Mr. Adams called me at your request.
On Sunday, November 15th, and asked me to be in your office the next morning at 1030A.
Well, why don't you ask us Mr. Adams?
If he calls for, I would ask you for, you said I'd call you out.
And I suggest the contrary is true.
I think I entitled to have that clarify.
I did the great with that.
Then could you answer my question, sir?
Is it not a fact that at your request, I believe Mr. Adams said you would return from the country.
You turned from out of town.
He called me on Sunday, November 15th, and asked me as a personal favor to you to be in your office at 1030A.
The next morning.
I had the telephone slip of that call, too, I must say.
Yes, I think that Mr. Adams called you following a call of yours if I have a member correctly, the day before.
Did Mr. Adams call me and say you were doing so at your request and that you desire me to be in your office?
You have heard of Mr. Adams, I don't know.
All right, sir.
Thank you.
That's the best decision to do on that.
In any event we are clearly in agreement, that on November 16th, it was you who asked for the meeting with Senator McCawsey the next day.
I said that I wanted to please Senator McCawsey, if he thought that I'd told the right officer Monday.
I said, you said you wanted to see.
That's right.
Now, allegations 27.
Mr. Secretary.
I'm sorry, not allegations 27.
It's allegations 25 concerning a request made by Senator McCawsey for an assignment to...
...private charge.
We count a meeting between you and Senator McCawsey on January 14th, 1954.
This is your charge.
I will ask you who asked for that meeting on January 14th.
You...
I did.
You asked for that meeting.
Now.
The reason being that I was going to the far east.
And I wanted to see the senator before I left.
When my dad's always a certain matter, when he said that, McCawsey went to the far west.
Mr. Secretary.
We met over at the Cal Armed Actress.
And Senator will know our more or less there.
That's right.
And the purpose you said was to show me one.
What's that?
The purpose of the meeting was to show me one.
My name's purpose to me.
Going over to the air, let's decide you that I was leaving shortly for the far east.
With the law and for a two-year-old four-weekly good news.
No, but I thought that you might call up the next Tuesday morning on a Tuesday for me.
I wouldn't be there.
And I didn't.
To repress your recollection, as a matter of fact, didn't you ask me not to call any members of the loyalty panel until you came back?
I did not.
Did you discuss that?
We did not.
Right.
Okay, so you came over, Bill, you are out to see me and tell me you're going to the far east.
You could have done this by telephone or by message.
With any other purpose for asking for the meeting this week?
The principle purpose was to tell you that I was going away and just be gone for you four weeks.
And to talk all the matters of mutual interest between the Department of the Army and its committee.
And what were those matters of mutual interest and respect?
Oh.
I'd have to check up and figure out what was kind about particular time.
The average person would assume that it was rather important from the Secretary of the Army as busy as you were, to sit by him out to come all the way over from the Pentagon, arrange a meeting with me.
Now, it was important that you remember why you asked for that meeting.
Yes, I'd say it's a punch for you.
You know, and besides knowing that you're reading that, you've done by a wire by a phone call.
I also told you during the course of that meeting, apart from the... I think I told you that meeting, that private shine was going to go from...
... from...
... to Camp Gordon, the meeting was basically tiny and that it was completed successfully and qualified that he might be sent to the Provost March of General School.
Did I tell you that time with the Secretary that I thought that...
You were wasting fortune with time and one private in the Army.
You did not?
I didn't.
No, sir.
Didn't I indicate to you with the Secretary that we had much more important business to discuss than a private in the Army?
You bought up a New Yorker's time with the private time four or five times during the course of that.
I...
Who brought up the time's name?
The New Army.
I told you what the rest of his signing program would take.
But then you came over to talk about time.
Did that really?
I came over primarily to talk to you about my trip to the party.
I also told you what the program was for signs competing in space.
Well, no, no.
You bought up four or five times for New York for an assignment.
Well, that's not the same.
Where is your going to the party?
You never, the only thing you were going to talk about, you would not have arranged a meeting to come over and tell me that I'm currently living for the party.
I very likely might have done that, George.
Now, you and I have been great social friends, have we?
I thought it was good with them doing almost exclusively with the business of the Committee on the Military.
That's right.
And I thought that I didn't think that I also...
They gone for three or four weeks for important matters, depending between New York's Committee and the party on the Army, with each other, at least, but you know I was going.
Now, assigned to the important matter of private time, the other important matters you're leading in, I say, were there any other matters we discussed?
Those are ones I recall, times of one.
Yes.
In other words, give him over to just those two matters.
I came over, finally, I related to the stuff that touched the party.
That was my principal.
No, I said, you did not discuss it, except you only were doing it.
Oh, yes, I did.
I had a touchable length, so I was aware I was going.
I had a touchable discussion about my fifth of the party.
No, I did.
You're sure you did it, like that.
You did not come over, so I could try to threaten you or pressure you on private time.
That is not the first.
All I can say is, Canada, that you brought up four or five times, the question of a New Yorker's time, and two or five a chance.
Who brought up nine?
I finally reminded you of your letter of these numbers 20 seconds, and what you said that there wasn't a big any pressure or a flag of labor for Sean.
I told you what it says, but the compilation of the New Yorker's program was these.
But you brought that matter up, but I told you what it's a Chinese program, and then you started talking about the New Yorker's time.
I was already at a variety, but you're not going to go 10 to 10 to my money.